javascript, typescript and react layers: linter option, next-error-function fix (#12207)
syl20bnr/spacemacs: layers/+frameworks/react/README.org

try out this one by Airbnb:
[[https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/blob/master/linters/.eslintrc][.eslintrc]]

> When lsp set as backend if you don't want lsp as linter set variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When =lsp= is set as the backend, but you don't want to use lsp as the linter, set the variable
```

> =javascript-lsp-linter= to nil in Javascript layer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=javascript-lsp-linter= to =nil= in the Javascript layer.
```
